doc/configuration.rst, before:

+++++++++++++
Configuration
+++++++++++++
Tracer can be configured with arguments and with configuration file.

List of possible arguments for all activated extensions is available by invoking  command with **-h** or **--help**.

After configuration parameters are parsed from arguments then they are merged with configurations stored in *~/.tracerrc* and *tracer.conf.py* stored in current working directory or file provided by *-c*.

Configuration file is plain python script that can set any option listed in tracer arguments and additionally can set some functions that influences tracing.`Example configuration files <https://github.com/trnila/tracer/tree/master/examples/settings>` shows some usage.

You can for example set *program*, *arguments* and *output* and invoke tracing by calling only `$ tracer`.

.. code-block:: python

    program = "./myapp"
    arguments = ["-x", "-y"]
    output = "./report"

Ignore files
============
Ignore some files by adding them to the *ignore_files*. Files can be also expressed by regexp.

.. code-block:: python

    ignore_files = [
        r'\/lib[^\/]+.so(\.[\d\-_]+)*$',  # .so shared libraries
        '/etc/passwd'
    ]

Ignore descriptors
==================
You can also write more complex resules. For each new descriptor *filter_out_descriptor* is called. 
The only argument is instance of class Descriptor. 
Your decision can be based on descriptor properties, process, etc.

.. code-block:: python

    # pass everything except pipes
    def filter_out_descriptor(descriptor):
        return descriptor.is_pipe

Commit message:

Doc: note about third party arguments

doc/configuration.rst, after:

+++++++++++++
Configuration
+++++++++++++
Tracer can be configured with arguments and with configuration file.

List of possible arguments for all activated extensions is available by invoking  `tracer` with **-h** or **--help**.
Third party arguments shall be defined after core parameters, otherwise parsing may fail (especially if third party argument has value).

After configuration parameters are parsed from arguments then they are merged with configurations stored in *~/.tracerrc* and *tracer.conf.py* stored in current working directory or file provided by *-c*.

Configuration file is plain python script that can set any option listed in tracer arguments and additionally can set some functions that influences tracing.`Example configuration files <https://github.com/trnila/tracer/tree/master/examples/settings>` shows some usage.

You can for example set *program*, *arguments* and *output* and invoke tracing by calling only `$ tracer`.

.. code-block:: python

    program = "./myapp"
    arguments = ["-x", "-y"]
    output = "./report"

Ignore files
============
Ignore some files by adding them to the *ignore_files*. Files can be also expressed by regexp.

.. code-block:: python

    ignore_files = [
        r'\/lib[^\/]+.so(\.[\d\-_]+)*$',  # .so shared libraries
        '/etc/passwd'
    ]

Ignore descriptors
==================
You can also write more complex resules. For each new descriptor *filter_out_descriptor* is called. 
The only argument is instance of class Descriptor. 
Your decision can be based on descriptor properties, process, etc.

.. code-block:: python

    # pass everything except pipes
    def filter_out_descriptor(descriptor):
        return descriptor.is_pipe
